# Lab exercise 10

This week the homework is much less guided, you may need to improvise and use the knowledge that you gained during the semester.

---

1, Loading data (1 point)
* A, Download the data from the following URL: https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/machine-learning-databases/00477/Real%20estate%20valuation%20data%20set.xlsx
* B, For more information, read https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Real+estate+valuation+data+set#
* C, Check the data in Excel and then load it to Python via Pandas
* D, Check for missing data and handle them reasonably, if you find any
* E, Split the data to train and test part (2012 is the train, 2013 is the test).

2, Visualize the data (2.5 points)
* Create meaningful visualization for the data to understand what it contains.
* Do not use any machine learning models here, only creative, meaningful charts.
* Create publication quality plots, that are fully understandable without looking at the code that generated them. 

3, Unsupervised modeling (2.5 points)
* A, Try at least two different unsupervised machine learning techniques to reveal the inner structure of the data.
* B, Are there any clusters of the houses? What are those clusters? (smaller in-the-city flats vs larger outskirt houses?)
* Do not forget, sometimes scaling the data helps!
* Use both 2012 and 2013 data for this task.

4, Supervised modeling (4 points)
* A, Try different models to predict the 'Y house price of unit area'.
* B, Select a proper metric to measure the goodness of your predictions.
* C, Tune the hiperparameters for at least 2 selected models. 
* Use data from 2012 to train the models and also for hiperparameter tuning!
* Use data from 2013 only for evaluating your models!
* D, What is the best MAE (mean absolute error) for the price of unit area that you could achieve?
* E, Check the errors of the predictions. Is there a specific which kind of houses for that your model works much better or worse?
